docs: update integrations section (#755)
Automattic/harper: packages/web/src/routes/docs/integrations/emacs/+page.md

title: Emacs
---

> Our Emacs integration is powered by [`harper-ls`](./language-server).

Reviewer: Now i know what harper-ls is, but as an outsider, i would call it what it is:

```suggestion
Our Emacs integration is powered by the [Harper language server](./language-server).
```

Reviewer 2: I'd keep it as `harper-ls` for consistency with the rest of the docs. People can click that link and see that it's an LSP.

Reviewer 2: I think it's a good idea to keep that caveat that emacs support is mainly from community. Otherwise people may open lots of issues about Emacs which the maintainers can't really help with.

## Required Setup

Make sure you have [`harper-ls` installed](./language-server#Installation) on your system and available in your `PATH`.

Since version 29, Emacs has had native support for the Language Server Protocol through [Eglot](https://www.gnu.org/software/emacs/manual/html_mono/eglot.html), so all you have to do is configure it to use `harper-ls` in your `init.el`:

```elisp title=init.el
(with-eval-after-load 'eglot
  (add-to-list 'eglot-server-programs

>                '(major-mode . ("harper-ls" "--stdio"))))

Reviewer: `major-mode` is weird here, just use an actual mode:

```suggestion
               '(text-mode . ("harper-ls" "--stdio"))))
```

Reviewer 3: Edited.

```

> where `major-mode` can be set to any, some, or all major modes that correspond to the [languages `harper-ls` supports](./language-server#Supported-Languages). For example, if you want to use `harper-ls` to edit Markdown files and you have [`markdown-mode`](https://jblevins.org/projects/markdown-mode) installed, you can configure it like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where `text-mode` can be set to any, some, or all major modes that correspond to the [languages `harper-ls` supports](./language-server#Supported-Languages). Typically, you may want to use `harper-ls` to edit Markdown files and you have [`markdown-mode`](https://jblevins.org/projects/markdown-mode) installed, you can configure it like this:
```

Reviewer 3: Edited.

```elisp title=init.el
(with-eval-after-load 'eglot
  (add-to-list 'eglot-server-programs
               '(markdown-mode . ("harper-ls" "--stdio"))))
```

## Optional Configuration

Additionally, you can also configure things like which linters to use or how you want code actions to appear. Below is an example config where everything is set to their default values:

```elisp title=init.el
(setq-default eglot-workspace-configuration

>               '(:harper-ls (:userDictPath ""
>                             :fileDictPath ""
>                             :linters (:SpellCheck t
>                                       :SpelledNumbers :json-false
>                                       :AnA t
>                                       :SentenceCapitalization t
>                                       :UnclosedQuotes t
>                                       :WrongQuotes :json-false
>                                       :LongSentences t
>                                       :RepeatedWords t
>                                       :Spaces t
>                                       :Matcher t
>                                       :CorrectNumberSuffix t)
>                             :codeActions (:ForceStable :json-false)
>                             :markdown (:IgnoreLinkTitle :json-false)
>                             :diagnosticSeverity "hint"
>                             :isolateEnglish :json-false)))

Reviewer: isn't this just bound to bit-rot after a while? i would show a subset that covers most useful examples and types, perhaps:

```suggestion
              '(:harper-ls (:userDictPath ""
                            :linters (:SpellCheck t
                                      :SpelledNumbers :json-false)
                            :markdown (:IgnoreLinkTitle :json-false)
                            :diagnosticSeverity "hint")))
```

Reviewer 3: It would be dishonest to say there are just two or thee rules. I think the number @mcecode included gives a good sense of quantity without actually including _all_ of 'em.
